docs: replace however with but (#14707)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! note
    On Azure there can be a delay between a PR being set as completed by Renovate, and Azure merging the PR / finishing its tasks.

>     Renovate tries to delay until Azure is in the expected state, but if it takes too long it will continue.

Reviewer: I think this would be even clearer:
```suggestion
    Renovate tries to delay until Azure is in the expected state, but it will continue if it takes too long.
```

Author: That's way better! 😄

By default, Renovate will detect and process only the repository's default branch.
For most projects, this is the expected approach.

> But Renovate also allows users to explicitly configure `baseBranches`, e.g. for use cases such as:

Author: ```suggestion
Renovate also allows users to explicitly configure `baseBranches`, e.g. for use cases such as:
```

Let's drop `however/but`, it doesn't really add anything here.

## golang

> Configuration added here applies for all Go-related updates, but currently the only supported package manager for Go is the native Go Modules (the `gomod` manager).

Author: ```suggestion
Configuration added here applies for all Go-related updates.
The only supported package manager for Go is the native Go Modules (the `gomod` manager).
```

Let's rewrite so we don't need `but/however` here. 😄 

I think our readers expect our docs to mention things that are _currently_ supported, so we can drop `currently` as well. 😉

    Do not use unless you know what you're doing.

The default configuration for groups are essentially internal to Renovate and you normally shouldn't need to modify them.

> But you may choose to _add_ settings to any group by defining your own `group` configuration object.

Author: ```suggestion
But you may _add_ settings to any group by defining your own `group` configuration object.
```

I think we can drop `choose to` as `may` covers that ground already.

}
```

> Useful to know: Renovate's default ignore is `node_modules` and `bower_components` only, but if you are extending the popular `config:base` preset then it adds ignore patterns for `vendor`, `examples`, `test(s)` and `fixtures` directories too.

Author: ```suggestion
Renovate's default ignore is `node_modules` and `bower_components` only.
If you are extending from the popular `config:base` preset then it adds ignore patterns for `vendor`, `examples`, `test(s)` and `fixtures` directories too.
```

I'm rewriting this so we don't need `but/however`. 😏 
I'm also dropping `userful to know:` as we shouldn't be mentioning things that are not necessary to know. 😉

Although it's configurable to a package-level, it makes most sense to configure it at a repository level.
If configured to `enabled`, then the `semanticCommitScope` and `semanticCommitType` fields will be used for each commit message and PR title.

> But please note that Renovate will autodetect if your repository is already using semantic commits or not and follow suit, so you only really need to configure this if you wish to _override_ Renovate's autodetected setting.

Author: ```suggestion
Renovate autodetects if your repository is already using semantic commits or not and follows suit, so you only need to configure this if you wish to _override_ Renovate's autodetected setting.
```

Rewrite so we don't need `but` or `however` anymore. 😄
